[Music]
estivation
why do phones only have female voices
some major companies have researched
people's perceptions of the voices used
for artificial intelligence they put
together focus groups with both men and
women and gave them different male and
female voices to listen to people chose
the female voices as their preference
almost every time but people don't just
like any female voice for their phone
the most popular ones sound neutral
aren't distracting and our scene is
matching the brand's personality that's
why the developers of our smartphones
try to create unique accents into
nations and vocal sounds what makes your
phone vibrate it's very excited to see
you know every phone has a tiny motor
inside of it about the size of a one
cent coin or one that's in long gated
like a match when the motor receives a
special signal it uses a magnetic field
and electricity to start moving really
fast causing vibrations vibration motors
were first used widely inside electric
toothbrushes in Switzerland in the 1950s
so the technology was easily
incorporated into cell phone models a
few decades later how does voice
recognition work it's a lot like our own
hearing system the sounds are just
processed and analyzed by artificial
ears instead your phone doesn't actually
recognize human speech itself when any
sound passes through its microphone the
phone converts it into a digital wave
the shape of each wave is unique like a
human fingerprint it's nothing like the
audio waves generated by breathing car
horns and all the other sounds your
phone might pick up so your device
easily understands the waves created by
the sound of our voice and responds only
to them
why shouldn't you fully charge and
discharge your phone
phone batteries are similar to the
muscles in our bodies it's better to
give them a moderate workout than
exhaust yourself in the gym for a really
long time
sure sometimes it's fine to fully charge
your phone but you should really do it
only once a month if you do it all the
time the battery will withstand only
about 600 charging cycles in total it's
better to charge your phone regularly
but only a little if it's discharged 60%
then you charge it for a few minutes in
the car or cafe your battery could
withstand up to 1500 recharge cycles
overall try to always keep your phone
between 40 and 80 percent charge how do
phones affect our vision all phones emit
blue light that can hurt your eyes we
have photo receptors inside our eyes
special cells that capture a visual
image and transmit it to the brain when
the phone's blue light passes through
our eyes
it causes chemical reactions that can
damage the retina and our vision the
blue glow stops our bodies from
producing melatonin this is the hormone
that makes us feel sleepy
usually when the melatonin stops coming
we wake up so checking social media
before going to sleep can be really
harmful to your body
how can your phone's wallpaper save you
battery some phones have a special type
of screen called AMOLED or OLED screens
one cool thing about them is that they
can help you save battery power their
displays emit light only when current
passes through them a black color means
the absence of any light so if you set a
very dark picture as your wallpaper and
you have one of these screens there
won't be much current passing through it
like will only come from the little
icons and symbols on your screen and so
you save some of your batteries charge
what is phantom vibration syndrome as
many as 90% of people have experienced
this it feels like your phone is
vibrating you put your hand in your
pocket but your phone isn't actually
ringing or even weirder your phone isn't
even in there we're so used to our
phones being in our pockets that we've
developed a new reflex if our phone
rings our hand goes in there
automatically this reflex kicks in
whenever we sense vibrations it could
just be friction against our clothing or
a muscle contracting but your brain
thinks it's a call
why couldn't we use phones on airplanes
in the past when they had just begun to
be sold in stores people thought
cellphones could be really dangerous on
flights lots of experts worried that the
radio signal in a phone could disrupt
the electronics of an aircraft no one
sure if this has ever really happened on
a flight though but just to be safe all
modern phones have airplane mode
installed
why do airlines still not recommend
using your faul sometimes there are
still restrictions on using phones
inside airplanes these are meant to
ensure passengers are prepared for
unexpected situations if a passenger is
distracted by their phone watching a
movie or playing games they might miss
the important flight safety instructions
can a smartphone really explode it's not
the phone that can go boom it's the
battery in particular a lithium-ion one
some modern gadgets have this kind of
battery this is why you can't put phones
with this kind of battery in the luggage
hold of an airplane some phones with
lithium-ion batteries are not even
allowed in the cabin of the plane there
are also some poorly made power banks
tablets and laptops that could explode
too you should always buy batteries and
chargers from official manufacturers to
minimize the chances of an accident
how can you protect your phone from
hackers don't connect to unknown Wi-Fi
networks turn bluetooth on only when you
really need to and don't download
strange apps oh and never press the
allow button if the app asks to access
your phone if you do someone could gain
access to your data listen to your calls
and control what your phone does to
protect yourself delete any suspicious
apps on your phone and change all your
passwords at least once a month also
update your phone's software regularly
and of course never open strange links
you receive via email
why don't you need to close your apps to
save battery phone developers have said
many times that background apps don't
actually waste battery power the app
just waits for you to start it back up
again
in fact reopening these apps again
straight from background mode is much
easier for your phone than completely
closing and opening them again later
what's the most expensive smartphone in
the world this is the Falcon supernova
iPhone 6 pink diamond and it's worth 48
million bucks
it's a typical iPhone 6 or 6 plus but
with a case that's covered in 24 karat
gold and platinum and a massive pink
diamond is placed on the back of the
phone how's that for an upgrade is your
phone waterproof each phone has an
ingress protection rating this is a
special standardized system that let you
know how waterproof your phone really is
the ratings go from 0 which means that
your phone has no protection at all up
to 9 K if you've got this rating your
phone is super protected even from high
pressures and temperatures you can find
the rating of your phone in the
instructions that come with it or on
special websites
you